Introduction 

India Post Payments Bank Limited (“IPPB”) is a company incorporated and registered under 
Companies  Act,  2013  and  a  payments  banking  company  registered  under  section  22  (1)  of 
the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 duly licensed by Reserve Bank of India. IPPB is engaged in 
conducting  banking  and  payments  business  providing  services  to  retail  and  corporate 
customers. Eligible  prospective  bidders  are  free  to  submit  their  proposal  for  any  or  all  of  the  above 
insurance  policies  required  by  the  Bank. All  the  commitments,  obligations  and  responses  (all  the  pages)  against  this  RFP  must  be 
signed by the signatory of the Bidder and are enforceable through insurance policy which may 
be signed at the end of the bidding process. RFP Submission  

a.  Bank  will  not  accept  delivery  of  Bid  in  any  manner  other  than  that  specified  in  this 
document. Bid  delivered  in  any  other  manner  shall  be treated  as  defective,  invalid  and 
rejected. c.  The  Bidders  are  required  to  submit  soft  copies  of  their  Bids  electronically  on  the  CPP 
Portal  using  valid  Digital  Signature  Certificates. f.  Bidders are advised to register their valid email address and mobile numbers as part of 
the  registration  process. These  would  be  used  for  any  communication  from  the  CPP 
Portal. Please note that the Bidders are responsible to ensure 
that they do not lend their DSCs to others which may lead to misuse. on  https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app  in support  of  their  RFP. Submission  of  the  Bids  in  wrong  format  will  result  in  the  Bid  being  deemed  non-
responsive. a.  Duly  signed  and  stamped  RFP  document  as  token  of  acceptance  of  terms  and 

conditions of RFP. Bid Evaluation 

  Opening of RFP 

For  bids  received  within  the  prescribed  closing  date  and  time,  the  Technical  Bid  will  be 
opened in the presence of bidders’ representatives who choose to attend the opening of the 
offer on the date and time decided by the Bank as mentioned  in this document; any  change 
shall be informed to bidders through Bank’s website/ e-mail to the authorized representative. 9 


Upon receipt of applications (RFP) the same shall be scrutinized and evaluated by the Bank / 
Broker and the  Bank will shortlist / select bidders as per requirement and the same shall be 
communicated to the bidders. The Bank also reserves the right to accept or reject any or all 
applications without assigning any reason whatsoever. The respondents are required to respond 
within the time frame prescribed by IPPB. Respondents  are  not  permitted  to  modify,  substitute  or  withdraw  proposals  after  its 
submission. Clarification of bids 

A  bidder  requiring  any  clarification  on  this  document  may  notify  the  broker  and  the  bank  in 
writing  by  e-mail  at  the  email  address  provided  in  the  “RFP  Summary  Sheet”. Technical  details  must  be  completely 
filled. No  columns  of  the  tender  should be  left  blank. Only  the  party  to  whom  it  is  issued  is  entitled  to 
submit the offer to the bank. Revised bids 

  Non-transferable offer 

  Confidentiality  

The information given in this document is confidential and is for use by the bidder to whom it 
has  been  issued. Bidders  will  be  notified  if  any 
suspension or termination occurs but Marsh & IPPB is not obliged to provide any reasons. Terminate further participation in the evaluation process by a Bidder;  

Negotiate with more than one Bidder;  

Terminate negotiations being conducted with a Bidder;  

Vary or extend the timetable and evaluation process  

 (i) Responsibility for Costs - Bidder is responsible for all costs, expenses or liabilities incurred by 
them or on their behalf in relation to the evaluation process (including in relation to providing 
IPPB with the response, the revised response or any additional information). Bank  may,  at  its  sole  discretion, 
incorporate  any  portion  of  any  successful  Response  of  a  successful  Bidder  in  to  the  final 
service level agreement. 10,000/- in rural branch post office (around 1,29,000) - BO 
o  Rs. 5 Lakhs 
  Mode of transit used - Car/ Taxi/ Private Vehicle/ Two-wheeler/ By-Cycle / mail vans/ state 

buses/ public transport.   Cash carrying limit per: Postmen / BC/ agent/GDS etc – Proposed Rs. The Technical Bid submitted by the bidders must conform to the following terms & condition in 
totality: 

  Policy – 1: Bankers Indemnity Policy 

Policy Period: 12.06.2019 – 11.06.2020 
 

Insuring Clause 

Basic Sum Insured 

offices 

A. On Premises 
(To  include  All  premises  occupied  by  IPPB  to  conduct 
its  Business  including  but  not  limited  to  Currency 
Administration  Cell,  Post 
(BO/SO/HO), 
Customer  Access  points,  branches,  CPC,  ATMs,  Door 
Step  Banking  and  ATM  Cash  Replenishment  Van 
including  mysterious  disappearance.   Covers  required:  Cash  in  safe,  cash  in  transit  including  Burglary,  Theft,  Dacoity, 

SRCC, Terrorism, and Infidelity of outsourced agencies employees. Costs 
for  appointing  an  external 
agency to monitor the  bank's systems in order 
to detect any suspicious activity or changes. There  should  be  no  exclusion  for  Unlawful 
Collection of data. unintentional  infringement  of  copyright,  title, 
slogan,  trademark,  trade  name,  trade  dress, 
mark,  service  mark,  service  name  or  domain 
name,  whether  by  deep-linking  or  framing  or 
otherwise; 
3. MD &CEO                                                     1 

3. Nonexecutive Chairman of Board                 1 

4. Addition of Assets will be submitted on monthly basis by the Insured 
to the insurer and the Insurer will issue an endorsement for the  said 
addition  after the  insurer receives the payment made. Effective date 
will be date of premium payment. Contents  including  but  not  limited  to  FFF,  Electrical  Installations, 
Computers  and  other  assets. The  Locations  will  be  neither  Owned 
nor Rented by IPPB. The valuation is selected as Purchase Cost. Nominated Adjuster Clause (Protocol , Sunglow, Skaad, Mack) 
15. Corporate office (New Delhi) FFF, Electrical Installations, Computers and other assets 
2. 12.06.2019 – 11.06.2020 

All property of any kind, owned by the Insured or held in their custody 
for  which  the  Insured  is  responsible  or  in  which  the  Insured  has  an 
insurable  interest,  including  contractual  obligation,  or  any  other 
property in connection with the Insured’s business. Scope of Coverage:               Mandatory: 

The valuation is selected as Purchase Cost..  
 

1. Nominated Adjuster Clause 

 

 

22 


Desirable 

1. Warranty:           Nil Warranty under the policy 
 
List of Documents in Case of Claim:  

      
Sum Insured:  

All types of Structure, Furniture & Fixture, Leasehold improvements IT assets,  

Locations for Fire section owned by DOP. 23 

 

 

 


 
Scope of Coverage:               Mandatory: 

                                                 Desirable: 

 

1. All types of damages including Electrical and Electronic 

Breakdown and Derangement 

2. Waiver of IFAM report for equipment older than 3-5 years 
8. Waiver of Depreciation up to 3 Years 
10. Yours faithfully 

Authorised Signatory 

Designation 

Bidder’s corporate name 

 

 

 

27 


   Annexure II – Eligibility Criteria Compliance 

S. 
No. D
e
c
l
a
r
a
t
i
o
n
: 

I
 
h
e
r
e
b
y
 
d
e
c
l
a
r
e
 
t
h
a
t
 
I
 
h
a

1. Postal Address 

Telephone, Fax Number, Email Address 

Nature of activity 

Details of ownership 

 

 

 

 

Holding company or parent company 

7. Date: 

Authorized Signatory 

 

 

(Name: Contact Person, Phone No., Fax, E-mail) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

33 

 

 


  Annexure VII – Self-Declaration 

(To be submitted on Bidder’s letterhead) 

Date:  

 
Manager (Procurement), 
India Post Payments Bank Ltd. 
Corporate Office, 2nd Floor, Speed Post Centre Building, Bhai Veer Singh Marg, Gole Market, 
New Delhi – 110 001. who  is  presently  employed  with  us  (the “Bidder”) 
and  holding  the  position  of  ……………………………. 2….. 

For 

Authorized 
Signature: 

Authorized 
Signatory Name:  

Title of Signatory: 

Address: 

 

 

 

 

 

Witnesses:  

1.