REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) 

Corporate Agency Arrangement 

Selection of Bancassurance Partner for General Insurance Business 

Important dates for Bidders 

Sl. Website address 

E-mail address 

Note: Bids will be opened in presence of Bidders' representatives (maximum two representatives per 
Bidder)  who  choose  to  attend. Bids  once  submitted  will  be  treated  as  final  and  no  further 
correspondence will be entertained on this. No Bid will be modified after the specified date and time 
for submission of Bids. No Bidder shall be allowed to withdraw the Bid. All  3086 
branches in India are networked on the Core Banking Platform and spread across major centers 
of country.   Bank  would  like  to  enter  into  a  Corporate  Agency  Arrangement  with  qualified  General 

Insurance Company. D. Bidder’s Eligibility Criteria (All mandatory provisions) 

 

It  is mandatory  for  the  potential bidders  to ensure  that  the  following minimum  eligibility  criteria 
are met with in order to participate in the process:   
SL.   Any condition stated by Bidder is not acceptable to Bank.   Required information is not submitted as per format given.   Any other reason which the Bank may deem appropriate for rejection of the Bid. Bank shall be under no obligation to accept any offer received in response to this RFP and shall 
be entitled to reject any or all offers without assigning any reason whatsoever. Bank may abort 
the entire process at any stage without thereby incurring any liability to the affected Bidder(s) or 
any obligation to inform the affected Bidder(s) of the grounds for Bank's action. Bank  will 
make its best effort to complete the process within the specified period. I. Evaluation Process: 
 
The evaluation process will be split into 3 stages. Eligibility  Bid  should  be  complete  in  all  respects  and  contain  all  
information  asked  for,  in  the  exact  format  of  eligibility  specifications  given  in  RFP,  except 
information  sought  in    Technical  Bid  and  should  necessarily  include  the  Integrity  Pact  (as  per 
Annexure-B)  on  a  non-judicial  stamp  paper  of  requisite  value. Bidders  will  have  to  make  their  travel  and  stay  arrangements  at  their  own 
cost. Bank  will  not  bear  any  kind  of  cost  for  the  same. In  case  the  successful  bidder  is  not  agreeable  in  executing  service  level  agreement  or  they 
impose  any  conditions  not  acceptable  to  Bank  or  communicate  any  changes  from  its  stated 
responses in the RFP or presentation made to Bank which may not be acceptable to Bank, Bank 
on its sole discretion may decide to partner with next ranked bidder. Material  deficiencies  in  providing  information  requested  may  result  in  rejection  of  a 
Proposal.   All monetary numbers should be in Indian Rupees.   Enclosures & documents required as per RFP to be submitted along with application. The person, who has signed the proposal, must initial  to 
authenticate  such  corrections. The  envelope 
containing  the  Technical  Bid  must  contain  the  original  Technical  Bid,  1  photocopy  of  the 
Technical  Bid  and  CDs/USB  Flashdrives  of  Technical  Bid/Technical Forms mentioned in  Forms. 2 
CDs/USB  Flashdrives  containing  electronic  format  of  the  Technical  Bid  should  be  part  of  the 
envelope. This  circumstance  may  be  case  for  proposal 
rejection. All envelopes should be securely sealed & stamped. Bank and its Officials are bound by guidelines of governance 
and  transparency  in  the  processes. Selected  Bidder  shall  take  all  precautions  necessary  to  keep  the 
information  totally  confidential  and  under  no  circumstances  it  will  be  disclosed  to  any  third 
party  or  competitors. Bidder shall also not make any news release, 
public  announcements  or  any  other  reference  on  RFP  or  contract  without  obtaining  prior 
written  consent  from  the  Bank. Any  reproduction  of  this  RFP  by  Xerox/Photostat/Electronic  or 
any other means without prior consent of Bank is strictly prohibited.  
 
(3) Legal Relationships 

 

 

 
 

No binding legal relationship will exist between any of the General Insurance Companies and 
the Bank until execution of contractual agreement to the full satisfaction of Bank. (7) Inspection of Records  

All Bidder records with respect to any matters covered by this tender shall be made available 
to Bank and/or the RBI/IRDAI, its Auditors at any time during normal business hours, as often as 
Bank/RBI/IRDAI  deems  necessary,  to  audit,  examine  and  make  excerpts  or  transcripts  of  all 
relevant data. (10) Vicarious Liability 

Selected  Bidder  shall be  the  ‘Principal  Employer’  of  the  employees,  agents,  contractors,  sub-
contractors,  etc., by  the 
selected Bidder, for any assignment under the contract. All remuneration, claims, wages dues 
etc., of such employees, agents, contractors, sub-contractors etc., (15)  Termination 

The Bank shall be entitled to terminate the agreement with the selected Bidder at any time by 
giving due written notice to the selected bidder. In  order  to  achieve  these  goals,  Bank  has  appointed  Independent  External  Monitor(s)  (IEM)  in 
consultation with Central Vigilance Commission, who will monitor tender process and execution 
of contract for compliance with principles mentioned above. Bank  will,  during  RFP  process,  treat  all  Bidder(s)  with  equity  and  reason. Bank will exclude from the process all known prejudiced persons. Commitments of Bidder(s) 
 
Bidder(s)  commit      themselves  to      take  all  necessary  measures  to  prevent  corruption. They 
commit  themselves  to  observe  following  principles  during  participation  in  the  RFP  process  and 
during contract execution. Sanctions for Violation 
 
9.1  If  Bidder(s),  before  award  or  during  execution  has  committed  a  transgression  through  a 
violation  of  Clause  5  or  in  any  other  form  such  as  to  put  his  reliability  or  credibility  in  question, 
Bank  is  entitled  to  disqualify  Bidder(s)  from  RFP  process  or  take  action  as  per  procedure 
mentioned herein below: 

a) To disqualify Bidder from RFP process and exclusion from future contracts. Independent External Monitor(s) 
 
10.1  Bank  has  appointed  independent  External  Monitors  for  Integrity  Pact  in  consultation  with 
Central Vigilance Commission. The Names and Addresses of Monitors are given below: 
 

1. 10.4 If any complaint with regard to violation of IP is received by Bank in an RFP process, Bank 
shall refer the complaint to Independent External Monitors for their comments/enquiry. 13.1  This  Integrity  Pact  begins  when  both  parties  have  legally  signed  it. 13.3 Should one or several provisions of this Integrity Pact turn out to be invalid, the remainder of 
this Integrity Pact remains valid. Other Provisions 
 
14.1  Changes  &  supplements  need  to  be  made  in  writing. This  Integrity  Pact  is  signed  with  UCO  Bank  exclusively  and  hence  shall  not  be  treated  as 
precedence for signing of IP or any other Organization. Having  reviewed  and  fully  understood  all  information  provided  in  the  Request  for  Proposal 
Document dated [insert] (“RFP”) issued by UCO Bank, [Bidder] is hereby submitting the Bid. b. Other details and supporting documents (as applicable) in response to the   requirements 

outlined in the RFP. This letter also serves as authority to UCO Bank to furnish any information related to the Bidder 
in  relation  to  the  proposed  Corporate  Agency  Arrangement  to  any  Regulatory/Statutory 
Authority  in  India  to  which  the  Bank  &  its  proposed  Corporate  Agency  Arrangement  is 
subjected to. We understand that:  

 

a. All information submitted under this Bid shall remain binding upon us. IRDAI/Reg/25/137/2016  dated  14th  December,  2016  -  Insurance  Regulatory  and 
Development  Authority  of  India  (Payment  Of  Commission  Or  Remuneration  Or  Reward  To 
Insurance Agents And Insurance Intermediaries), Regulations, 2016,  
 
(ii)  F.  No. IRDAI/Reg/9/146/2017  dated  10th  October,  2017  -  Insurance  Regulatory  and 
Development Authority of India (Payment of commission or remuneration or reward to insurance 
agents  and  insurance  intermediaries)  (Second  Amendment)  Regulations,  2017  Dated  10th 
October, 2017, and any amendment(s) thereof,  
 
and classify the Products as per the Categories mentioned in the Tables in these notifications. 23 


FORM - 5                                                                    

 

 

 

 

 

PRODUCT & COMMISSION 

 
Please provide details of products offered and commission details in format as given below 
(IRDAI approved commission only):  
 

Product Name 

according to IRDAI 

Classification 

Notification* 

Product Category 
(e.g Fire, Marine, 
Engineering, etc.) Year 1 

Year 2 

Year 3 

Particulars 

Estimated Premium 
Per Annum 
Estimated Revenue to 
the Bank 

 

 

 

 

 
Please provide the projected product mix & commission payable to the Bank in the format 
given below. Support Item 

Strategy/Road Map 

            FORM - 12   

                                                                         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Manpower 
a) No. of SPs to be licensed in next 6 
Months  
Marketing & Advertisement for Bank 
Timely Operational & MIS Report 
- No. Each  Insurance  Company  should  conduct  its  own  investigations  and 

analysis and should check the accuracy, reliability and completeness of the information in this 
DISCLAIMER 

 
The invitation document is neither an agreement nor an offer and is only an invitation by Bank to 

the interested Insurance Companies for submission of bids/proposals. The purpose of this RFP is 

to  provide  the  Insurance  Company(s)  with  data  points,  to  assist  them  in  formulation  of  their 

proposal.