कार्पोरेशन बैंक 

Corporation Bank 

सार्वजननक क्षेत्र का अग्रणी बैंक 
 A Premier Public Sector Bank 

Presently,  the  Bank  has  a  network  of  2501  fully  automated  CBS  branches,  3150  ATMs  and  4727 
Branchless Banking Units across the country. Bidders are hereby advised to carefully go through and submit all relevant information as sought in 
the RFP. 4 

 
 

 


 

कार्पोरेशन बैंक 

Corporation Bank 

सार्वजननक क्षेत्र का अग्रणी बैंक 
 A Premier Public Sector Bank 

 
Details  of  the  objectives,  eligibility  and  qualification  criteria,  data  &  documents  required  to  be 
submitted  along  with  RFP,  criteria  that  would  be  adopted  for  evaluation  of  the  responses,  short 
listing as well as other relevant information is contained in this document. Should have been registered with IRDAI under the General Insurance category. The bidder should be Non-Bank Promoted Company. Authorized representative of Bidder should submit undertaking in Form 1. Should the Bank deem necessary, it may amend the RFP as a result of any clarification. The addendum  will be binding on  all the bidders. The Bank may abort 
the entire process at any stage, thereby without incurring any liability to the affected bidder(s) or any 
obligation to inform the affected bidder(s) of the grounds for Bank's action. The  deadline  for  submission  of  the Proposals  is  mentioned  in  “Important  Dates  for  Bidders”  on 
page 12  of the document. Under  such  circumstances,  Bank  shall  not  consider  such  proposal  for 
further evaluation.   Bank may call for any additional information as required. 6 


 

कार्पोरेशन बैंक 

Corporation Bank 

सार्वजननक क्षेत्र का अग्रणी बैंक 
 A Premier Public Sector Bank 

H.  Evaluation Process: 

 
The evaluation process will be split into 3 stages. This will carry a weightage of 70 marks.   Stage  3:  The  bank  intends  to  invite  the  Top  7  Bidders  before  a  committee  as  per  the  ranking 
based  on  the  scores  achieved  in  the  RFP  evaluation  for  a  presentation  on  a  specified  day  and 
time. Bank  will  not  bear  the  cost  for  the  same. The  bank  intends  to  enter  into 
corporate agency arrangements with the top two ranked bidders. Material  deficiencies  in  providing  the  information  requested  may  result  in  rejection  of  a 
Proposal. b.  All monetary numbers should be in Indian Rupees. For  purpose  of  this  clause,  "Force  Majeure" 
means an event beyond the control of the Bidder and not involving the Bidder's fault or negligence 
and  not  foreseeable. Unless otherwise directed by the Bank in writing, the Bidder 
shall continue to perform its obligations under the Contract as far as is reasonably practical, and shall 
seek all reasonable alternative means of performance not prevented by the Force Majeure event. Confidentiality:  
 
The  Bank  is  bound  by  confidentiality  and  secrecy  with  regard  to  the  dealings  of  all  customers. 10 


 

कार्पोरेशन बैंक 

Corporation Bank 

सार्वजननक क्षेत्र का अग्रणी बैंक 
 A Premier Public Sector Bank 

 

3. L.  IMPORTANT DATES FOR BIDDERS 

Sl. Eligibility Criteria 

Criteria Met by Bidder 

( YES / NO) 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

 

Bidder has a valid IRDAI license as on date of 
submission of RFP response, for procuring 
insurance business in India. ** 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*Please submit a CA certified certificate in this regard. We understand that:  
             a. All information submitted under this Bid shall remain binding upon us. We  acknowledge  that  the  Bank  will  be  relying  on  the  information  provided  in  the  Bid  and  the 
documents accompanying such Bid for selection of the Bidders and we declare that all statements made 
by  us  and  all  the  information  pursuant  to  this  letter  are  complete,  true  and  accurate  to  the  best  of  our 
knowledge and belief. We confirm that we are complying with the IRDAI guidelines. Website  
 
Names    of  the  JV  Partners  &  %  of 
 
stake held by each as on 31.12.2016 
1. B.  Please provide the organization chart as on Date showing the structure of various departments that 

exist and the reporting structure of respective functional heads. Does the Bidder have a dedicated Bancassurance Vertical & Team? Name of the Bank 

Product Name 

MPH Since (date) (mm/yy) 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

26 


कार्पोरेशन बैंक 

Corporation Bank 

सार्वजननक क्षेत्र का अग्रणी बैंक 
 A Premier Public Sector Bank 

 
 
 
 
FORM – 11 

 

 

             BUSINESS & REVENUE ESTIMATE 

A.  Please  provide  the  Estimated  Potential  for  Next  3  Years  that  Corporation  Bank  holds  for  General 
Insurance Business Overall and earn revenue from the same. Note that the estimate is to be based on your 
assessment of the overall potential of the bank 
 
                                                                                                                       (Figures in INR Cr) 

Year 1 

Year 2 

Year 3 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

NOP’s 

Gross Written 

Premium 

Revenue to the Bank 

 

 

 

 

 

 

B.  Please provide a detailed Business Strategy & Road Map for the Bank to achieve the same. Has the bidder customized products for any of its Channel Partner till Date? ( Disclaimer 

 
This Invitation Document is neither an agreement nor an offer and is only an invitation by Bank to the 
interested  insurance  companies  for  submission  of  bids/  proposals.