Sl 

No 

1 

2 

 

3 

SECTION -1 

1 Document Control Sheet Bid Details in Brief – Most 

Important Dates for Bidders 

Description 

Details 

Name of the Company  

IDBI Bank Limited  

RFP Number & Date 

IDBI Bank/ 2018-19/TPD/CA/RFP/01 

Date of Issue  

Purpose 

22.02.2019 

Tie-up with insurance service providers with 

IDBI Bank Ltd. for Corporate Agency 

Arrangement for General (03) and Standalone 

Health Insurance business (01). This bid document has 235 pages. If a holiday  is declared on the dates mentioned above, the bids shall  be received / 

opened  on  the  immediate  next  working  day  at  the  same  time  specified  above  and  at  the 

same venue unless communicated otherwise. This RFP does not claim to contain 

all  the  information  as  required  by  Bidder  (s). Each  Bidder  may  conduct  its  own 

independent  investigations  and  analysis  and  is  free  to  check  the  accuracy,  reliability  and 

completeness  of  the  information  in  this  RFP. The  information  contained  in  this  RFP 

document  is  selective  and  is  subject  to  updating,  expansion,  revision  and  amendment. Information  provided  in  this  RFP  is  on  a  wide  range  of  matters,  some  of  which  may 

depend  upon  interpretation  of  law. As  a  DFI,  the  erstwhile  Industrial 

Development Bank of India stretched its canvas beyond mere project financing to cover an 

array  of  services  that  contributed  towards  balanced  geographical  spread  of  industries, 

development  of  identified  backward  areas,  emergence  of  a  new  spirit  of  enterprise  and 

evolution of a deep and vibrant capital market. The  Bank  invites  proposalfrom  the  Bidders 

Bank. The Bidder should remit the revenue / commission payable to the Bank every month at the 

corporate  level  with  complete  details  by  the  7th  of  every  month  with  applicable  GST  / 

other taxes as per statutory requirement, so as to facilitate the Bank to distribute the same 

to the branches by the 10th of every month. The Bidder should provide the MIS updates on status of customer complaints on a weekly 

basis. The  Bidder  shall  put  in  place  a  robust  system  towards  risk  mitigation  for  the  Bank  to 

function as a Corporate Agent. Should have valid IRDAI license for procuring insurance business in India and should 

have been registered with IRDAI under General Insurance category. Should have been in operation for more than 5 years in India as on 31.03.2018. Should  have  the  minimum  Solvency  Ratio  of  1.5  as  on  31.03.2018  as  per  audited 

balance sheet. v.  Bidder should be a Non-Bank Promoted Company. The Bidder should have minimum claim settlement ratio of 85% as on 31.03.2018 

vii. Authorized representative of Bidder should submit undertaking asper in Form 1 in 

Annexure 1. Bidder should be a Non-Bank Promoted Company. Non-

compliance of any of the criteria can entail rejection of the offer. Bid Process 

(A)  Bid Document 

i. The  cost  of  Bid  document  is  Rs.5000/-  (Rupees  Five 

Thousand + 18% GST) (“Cost”). Bids  received  without  the  Cost  shall  be  summarily  rejected. The  Cost  is  non-

refundable. The addendum will  be binding on all 

the Bidders. Under  such 

circumstances, Bank shall not consider such proposals for further evaluation 

ii. The  documents  in  the  CD  should  be  in  no 

iv. Bids of only those Bidders will be evaluated, who meet the minimum eligibility criteria as 

other format other than the MS Word. Bank may call for any additional information as may be required. of Branches of the Bidders in the 

vicinity of the Branches of the IDBI Bank as per 

list attached in Annexure 6. of Manpower Mapped with IDBI Bank 

Training & Marketing Support 

Operations, Service and Claims Support 

Technology MIS and Digitalization of 

Process. 2 

Service parameter 

Grievance Redressal 

Claim Ratio 

No. of Manpower Mapped with IDBI 

Branches 

IRDAI Penalty 

Products 

Support parameter 

Training & Marketing Support 

Operations, Service and Claims Support 

Technology MIS and Digitalization of 

Process. In case,  none of the participating Bidders qualify on technical 

criteria and reach or exceed the cut-off score 60, the Bank, at its own sole discretion, may 

qualify two Bidders on the basis of the top 2 scores with a minimum score of 40.Bidders 

achieving  minimum technical score as mentioned above will  be  invited  for a presentation 

on a specified date, time before the appointed committee by the Bank. The decision of the 

Bank  in this regard is  final and binding on all the participating Bidders. The presentation 

shall carry 25 marks. Bank will not bear the cost towards the same. Vii) The Bank reserves the right to accept or reject any bid without assigning any 

reason whatsoever at any stage of the RFP and the decision of the Bank is final and 

biding on the participating Bidders. While preparing the Proposal, the Bidder must give particular attention to the following: 

The  data  should  be  furnished  strictly  in  accordance  with  the  formats  specified  / 

applicable among those mentioned in FORM 1 to FORM 16. Denomination in INR Crore is 

Annual  numbers  for  Indian  operations  should  be  for  financial  year  ending  March 

preferred for large numbers. 31, 2018 unless otherwise specified. The Bid document along with the data as per the formats mentioned in the Data Sheet must 

be submitted at IDBI Bank Corporate Office, in respective boxes by the date and time 

mentioned in “Bid details in Brief – Most important dates for Bidders” sheet, in a single 

sealed envelope duly super scribed “IDBI Bank - Request for Proposal for Corporate 

Agency Arrangement for General /Standalone Health Insurance.” No proposal through mail or post will be accepted. Any effort 

by the Bidders to influence the Bank in the examination, evaluation, ranking of proposals, 

and  recommendation  for  award  shall  result  in  the  rejection  of  the  Bidders  Proposal. 16 

 

 

 

 


 

SECTION -3 

Other Terms and Conditions 

1. Force Majeure:  

Notwithstanding  the  above  provisions,  the  successful  bidder  shall  not  be  liable  for 

termination on account of default if and to the extent that the delay or failure to perform  its 

obligations under the Contract is the result of an  event of  Force Majeure. The Bidder shall also not make any news release, 

public announcements or any other reference on  RFP on contract without obtaining prior 

written  consent  from  the  Bank. Arbitration  shall  be  conducted  in  Mumbai  in  English  language. Termination and Extension of empanelment  

i.  The Bank may terminate  empanelment of any bidder  by giving empanelled Bidder 

a prior and written 90 (ninety) days’ notice indicating its intention to terminate the 

corporate agency agreement  under the following circumstances:  

ii. Termination 

for  Convenience:  Notwithstanding 

the  provisions  of 

the 

empanelment and/or the Bid Documents, the Bank at its sole discretion and without 

prejudice  to  any  other  right  or  remedy  and  without  assigning  any  reasons,  by 

written 30(thirty) days’ notice sent to the Bidder, may terminate the empanelment , 

in whole or in part, at any time for its convenience. The Contract survives Termination. shared  by  the 

Bank  should  be  kept  within  the  geographical  boundaries  of  India. That  the  representations  made  by  the  Bidder  in  its  Bid  are  and  shall  continue  to 

remain true and fulfill all the requirements as are necessary for executing the duties, 

obligations  and  responsibilities  as  laid  down  in  the  RFP  and  unless  the  Bank 

specifies to the contrary, the Bidder shall be bound by all the terms of the Bid. That  the  execution  of  the  Services  herein  is  and  shall  be  in  accordance  and  in 

compliance with all applicable laws. All Intellectual Property Rights (owned by 

the  Bidder  or  which  the  Bidder  is  licensed  to  use)  are  valid  and  subsisting. No  Party  has  any  authority  to  bind  the  other  Party  in  any  manner  whatsoever, 

except as agreed under the terms of the Contract. All  employees/personnel/  representatives/agents  etc., in 

the  course  of 

performing the Services as soon as practical after it becomes aware of that conflict. NO ASSIGNMENT  

approval of the Bank. 23 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

19. CONFLICT OF INTEREST  

The Bidder shall disclose to the Bank in writing, all actual and potential conflicts of 

interest that exist, arise or may arise (either for the Bidder or the Bidder’s team) in the 

course of performing the services  / empanelment as soon as practical after it *becomes 

aware of that conflict. 2 

The  Bidder  should  have 

 

1. Certificate 

of 

been  in  operation  for  more 

Incorporation 

than 5 years in INDIA 

2. Balance 

sheet 

and 

profit  &  loss  A/C  for  last  5 

years. 3 

The  Bidder  should  have  a  

 

CA 

certified 

solvency 

minimum  solvency  ratio  of 

certificate. Place:   

With Seal of Company  

Date:                                                                                      (Authorized Signatory)  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      Name……………………. 1.5 as on 31.3.2018 

4 

The  Bidder  should  have 

 

Self Undertaking by Insurance 

minimum  50%  of  Branch 

companies  by  mapping  their 

Locations  in  the  25  Kms 

Branches with M/s IDBI Bank 

area  vicinity  of  M/s  IDBI 

Branch  as  per  the  location 

Bank  Branch  as  per  the 

annexure and the same should 

location in Annexure 06.. 

be  in  the  vicinity  of  25  km’s 

5 

Bidders  should  be  a  Non- 

 

Company 

to  submit  Share 

Bank Promoted Company 

Holding  pattern 

to  support 

6 

The  Bidder  should  have 

 

IRDAI certificate 

area. 28 


 

Form 1 

To 

The Deputy General Manager 

 IDBI Bank Limited 

-------------------------- 

Dear Sir, 

1. Corporate Agents( Banks) 

Corporate Agents (Others) 

Brokers 

Web Sales 

Direct Sales 

Individual Agents 

Others 

Segment wise business (in Cr.) 32 

 

 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

 

A 

B 

C 

d  

e  

f  

g  

a  

b  

c  

d  

e  

f  

g  

h  

I 

J 

 


I. 

 

Fire 

II. Health 

V. 

  Others 

Claims Paid (In cr.) Claims Disposal Ratio  

Claim Disposal Turn Around Time ( Days) 

IRDAI Penalty & Warnings –Yes / No 

If yes, Details of Penalty /warning. YES /NO) 

Please provide the details for last 5 FY in the format given below 

Period 

Penalty / Warning 

Amount of Penalty if 

Details Reasons for 

Applicable 

Penalty 

 

 

 

 

 

FY 2013-14 

FY 2014-15 

FY 2015-16 

FY 2016-17 

FY  2017-18 

Place:   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date:                                                                                      (Authorized Signatory) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

With Seal of Company 

      Name……………………. 41 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Form 11 - Grievance Redressal 

(For General / Standalone Health Insurance Company). Please (tick) as applicable  

[To be submitted on the company’s letter head and signed by the Authorized 

Does the bidder have a dedicated Banc assurance Team? Corporate Agent for the organization as on 31.3.2018. 44 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

Support 

Form 14                                                                                                                                    

(For General / Standalone Health Insurance Company). Please (tick) as applicable  

[To be submitted on the company’s letter head and signed by the Authorized 

signatory with seal] 

Please elaborate on the kind of support that Bidder will provide to the Bank on each of the 

parameters as listed below. Date:                                                                                      (Authorized Signatory)  

Place:   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

With Seal of Company 

      Name……………………. Specimen Signature 

--------------------------------- 

Name: 

Designation: 

Specimen Signature 

--------------------------------- 

Name: 

Designation: 

Certified true copy for and on behalf of [Bidder]. 

Signature of the Authorized Person with date 

Name of the Authorized Person 

Company rubber stamp /seal. (b)  Cause  physical  damage  to  the  user  or  their  equipment  during  the  usage  of  the 

equipment. 49 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 

ANNEXURE 3 

NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT 

(To be submitted on Rs.100/- stamp paper by the Successful Bidder) 

This  Non-Disclosure  Agreement  entered  into  between  IDBI  Bank  Limited,  a  company 

within  the  meaning  of  Section  2(20)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  (18  of  2013)  and  a 

banking company within the meaning of Section 5 (c) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 

(10  of  1949),  with  Corporate  Identity  No. DEFINITIONS AND/ INTERPRETATIONS 

1.1. the terms “herein”, “hereof”, “hereto”, “hereunder” and words of similar purport refer to 

and 

this Agreement as a whole. The appointment  is 

valid  unless  terminated  earlier  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  as  stated  in  this  Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement and subject to Applicable Law, all 

claims  arising  out  of  or  in  relation  to  the  Products  shall  be  made  by  the  Customer  to  the 

Company,  and  the  Company  retains  the  right  to  assess  the  validity  of  the  claims  and  deal  and 

dispose the claims in the manner it deems fit. Subject  to  Applicable  Law,  the  Company  shall  pay  the  Corporate  Agent  Commission 

based  on  the  approved  sales  concluded  and  the  Premium  collected  by  the  Corporate  Agent  on 

behalf of the Company. 63 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

7.4. Notwithstanding  anything  stated  above,  the  Company  shall  not  be 

responsible  for any costs and/or related expenses  associated with the training of Employees  for 

obtaining and maintaining the relevant licenses, Approvals and certifications as may be required 

from  time  to  time  under  Applicable  Law  including  under  the  IRDAI  Corporate  Agent 

Regulations. CORPORATE AGENT’S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

9.1. 66 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 
10. Staffing of the Corporate Agent 

The Corporate Agent shall: 

10.1.1. ensure  the  engagement  of  its  senior  management  with  the  Company  in  formulation  of 

retail marketing plans; 

10.1.3. Advertising,  promotional,  marketing  and  selling  of  the  General  Insurance  Products/ 

Health Insurance Products. The Corporate Agent shall market the Products to its customers. The  Corporate  Agent  shall  and  to  the  extent  feasible  and  permissible  under  Applicable 

Law  and  feasibility,  at  the  request  of  the  Company,  provide  infrastructure  facilities  including 

work  space  to  the  Company  at  such  places  and  on  such  commercial  terms  which  may  be 

mutually agreed upon by the Parties to  enable the Company to set up counters to  centralize the 

issuance  of  policies  and  the  processing  of  claims  through  counters  opened  in  such  space 

depending upon the volume / classes of business. The corporate Agent at all times maintain a Professional indemnity Insurance covering 

its employees, principal officer , specified persons as provided under the Regulations 

10.4. promptly pass on the customer queries/ complaints to the Company. Customers of the General Insurance Business / Health Insurance Business  

10.5.1. 10.7.9  The  Corporate  Agent  will  facilitate  the  Authority  in  ensuring  that  the  provisions  of  the 

Act  and  Regulations  are  being  complied  by  it  along  with  investigating  into  its  activities  and 

10.7.10 

The Corporate Agent shall facilitate the Authority in examining the veracity of the 

complaint received  by  it and to inspect the affairs of the Corporate Agent  in the  interest of the 

Policyholder/insured. 10.7.11 

The  Corporate  Agent  against  whom  an  inspection  has  been  ordered  under  the 

Regulations and any other associate person who is possession of relevant information pertaining 

to the conduct and affairs of such Corporate Agent, shall produce to the inspecting authority such 

books  of  account  and  documents  in  its  custody  and  provide  the  same  to  the  Authority  for  the 

purpose of inspection. 10.7.11 

The Corporate Agent, based on the  inspection report  submitted to the Authority, 

may be directed by the Authority, if it deems fit in the interest of policyholder, to refund monies 

collected as fees, charges or commission or otherwise to the concerned client along with interest, 

to  refund  money/commission  paid  by  the  Company  for  which  it  is  not  eligible,  prohibit  the 

Corporate Agent from operating in the insurance market for a specified period and/or any other 

action as the Authority may deem fit. MUTUAL COVENANTS AND UNDERTAKINGS 

12.1. Subject to all rules and relevant regulations and legal obligations governing the Parties, each 

Party agrees to take reasonable steps to keep the other Party hereto informed about activities, such 

as proposed contracts or transactions, which  may conflict  with the restrictions  imposed under this 

Agreement. The  Parties  agree  and  confirm  that  upon  the  Corporate  Agent  soliciting  a  customer  in 

relation  to  Products,  any  information  provided  by  such  customer  in  writing  in  respect  of  the 

proposed  purchase  and/or  purchase  of  the  Product  or  otherwise  in  relation  to  the  Product  shall 

become a part of the customer database owned by the Company and the Company shall be entitled, 

subject to the Applicable Law, to use such customer database in any manner it deems fit. formulating high level strategies in relation to marketing of the Products; 

13.3.2. act as a medium to communicate industry specific issues. The SCwill have the power to establish working groups to address specific issues. MARKETING AND ADVERTISEMENT 

15.1. 18.2.8  Termination of this Agreement shall  not  release either Party  from  its obligations arising 

under this Agreement prior to such termination. 19.2  Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of  Section  19.1  herein  the  Defaulting  Party  shall  not  be 

liable for any indirect, special, collateral, loss of profits, loss of goodwill, or other consequential loss 

or damage suffered or incurred by the Aggrieved Party. 21.2  The Company shall unconditionally upon a demand made by the Corporate Agent return 

to  the  Corporate  Agent  all  documents  owned  or  solely  prepared  by  the  Corporate  Agent  in 

relation to the Corporate Agency Services, in possession of the Company. Any notice, demand or other communication given or made 

by  letter  between  countries  shall  be  delivered  by  courier. 24.3.6  All costs of arbitration shall be borne equally by both Parties. 87 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


 

24.3.8  During  the  period  of  submission  of  arbitration  and  thereafter  until  the  granting  of  the 

award,  the  Parties  shall,  except  in  the  event  of  termination,  continue  to  perform  all  their 

obligations under this Agreement without prejudice to a final adjustment in accordance with such 

24.3.9  Neither  of  the  Parties  may  disclose  the  existence,  content,  or  results  of  any  arbitration 

hereunder without the prior written consent of each of the others. The  BIDDER  also  undertakes  to  exercise  due  and 

adequate care lest any such information is divulged. 3.14 

)  BIDDERs  are  not  to  pass  any  information  provided  by  the  PRINCIPAL  as  a  part  of 

business relationship to others and not commit any offence under PC/ IPC Act. Previous Transgressions 

4.1 

)  The  BIDDER  declares  that  no  previous  transgression  occurred  in  the  last  three  years 

immediately  before  signing  of  this  Integrity  Pact,  with  any  other  company  in  any  country  in 

respect  of  any  corrupt  practices  envisaged  hereunder  or  with  any  Public  Sector  Enterprise  / 

Public Sector Banks  in India or any Government Department in India or RBI that could  justify 

BIDDER’s exclusion from the tender process. Sanctions for Violations 

5.1 

)  Any  breach  of  the  aforesaid  provisions  by  the  BIDDER  or  anyone  employed  by  it  or 

acting  on  its    behalf  (whether  with  or  without the  knowledge  of  the  BIDDER)  shall  entitle  the 

PRINCIPAL to take all or any one of the following actions, wherever required: 

5.1.1 

To immediately call off the pre contract negotiations without assigning any reason 

and without giving any compensation to the BIDDER. 5.1.3 

To  cancel  all  or  any  other  Contracts  with  the  BIDDER. However,  the  BIDDER  can  approach  the  Independent  External  Monitor(s)  appointed  for  the 

purposes of this Pact. Name of IEM 

Contact Number 

Contact mail 

Shri. S. Srinivashan, IAS (Rtd)  9483536100 

s.srinivasan1980@gmail.com 

Shri. Ajaykumar, Ex CMD 

9619272893 

Ajai.kumar3@gmail.com. 7.6 

) The BIDDER(s) accepts that the Monitor has the right to access without restriction to 

all  Project      documentation  of  the  PRINCIPAL  including  that  provided  by  the  BIDDER. The Monitor shall  be under contractual obligation to treat the information and 

documents of the BIDDER/ Sub-contractor(s) with confidentiality. Law and  Place of Jurisdiction 

PRINCIPAL.